docs: explain how to delete snapshots (#5961)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/usage/database-management.md

Use the [`ddev snapshot restore`](../usage/commands.md#snapshot-restore) command to interactively choose among snapshots, or append `--latest` to restore the most recent snapshot: `ddev snapshot restore --latest`.

> Snapshot are stored as simple gzipped files in the project's `.ddev/db_snapshots` directory, and any or all snapshots can be removed there when you want to save disk space or have no further use for them.

Author: ```suggestion
Snapshots are stored as simple gzipped files in the project's `.ddev/db_snapshots` directory, and any or all snapshots can be removed with the `ddev snapshot --cleanup` command or by manually deleting the files when you want to save disk space or have no further use for them.
```
